Url: 
https://justinhuang202020.github.io/development/
How to run code.
Once this folder is unzipped, run npm start in the main directory. Then go to localhost:3000 and the website should appear.
Architecture and Organization:
I have 3 React components outside of App.js. On the top level is my filteredList class. This class takes in a film object list which contains attributes for every single Marvel Movie released to date. This class oversees sorting and filtering the List based on the state of the class. So when a dropdown item is clicked or the box office header is clicked, the state is changed which affects the next iteration of the rendered list. Filtering multiple items is simple since in my filterItem function I check concurrently for both states and makes sure an item fits in both states. To make sure filtering and sorting go together, I create an intermediary function called processItem. First it filters the list, then sorts the list depending on the state. 
Each instance of an unfiltered list is created via the List class. Each instance returns a ul tag embedded with multiple li tags which each li tag representing an object.  The film object list is also passed down to the List class. Inside the List class the headers of the list are rendered (title, Box Office, release year). Sorting is triggered via clicking on the Box Office header. This changes the state in filteredList to handle sorting. List also get the state of sorting from filteredList to determine what kind of arrow to display next to the box office header (arrow up for ascending, arrow down for descending, and a dash for an unsorted state) But each element is rendered via the innerList class.
Each instance of the innerList returns an inner ul which is enclosed in the outer li tag in List. When List is looping through each item in the list, the innerList class return a ul tag containing all the attributes needed for each Marvel Movie to be displayed. This abstracts the work out since there are two lists (ul) involved when displaying this program. 
This is reusable since the general structure of a list of objects with multiple attributes will need the general structure of a ul within a ul. The way sorting, filtering, and object processing would change depending on what the object's nature is (ex: we are sorting albums instead of movies).
